Extend module output with `node_id` (#10)
Flaconi/terraform-github-team: modules/team/README.md

|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name) | GitHub team name |
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | GitHub team id |

> | <a name="output_node_id"></a> [node\_id](#output\_node\_id) | GitHub team node\_id |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <a name="output_node_id"></a> [node\_id](#output\_node\_id) | his is internal hashed id used by GitHub internally for teams. |
```
